support.md, before:

---
title: Support Fosstodon
description: Information on how you can help keep the lights on.
permalink: /support/
layout: default
---
# Support Us

Running a project like Fosstodon [can be expensive](/about/#current-funding) and take a lot of time. We have a fantastic team of volunteers to help moderate and manage Fosstodon, but if you want to help support the project financially you can do so in a number of ways:

{% include donate-buttons.html %}


## Stickers

![](/assets/images/stickers.jpeg)

If you want to buy some Fosstodon stickers for your laptop (or anywhere else you fancy sticking them) you can buy them below. By purchasing Fosstodon stickers, not only will you have some really cool swag, but you will also be helping to support the project.

The stickers measure approximately 7.5cm (3") across and 10cm (4") high.

We would like to thank Fosstodon member, [Jens Reuterberg](https://fosstodon.org/@ohyran), for kindly donating his time and creating this really cool design.

<a class="button" target="blank" href="https://www.designbyhumans.com/shop/Fosstodon/">Buy Stickers Now --></a>

## Other ways to support us

We don't just need financial support. If you don't want to support us financially, that's absolutely fine - Fosstodon is a free service and always will be.

If you're a Fosstodon member and want to contribute to the project without your wallet, here are some ideas:

*   Report any posts that you feel violate our [CoC](/coc/).
*   Keep sharing interesting posts that spark discussion and debate.
*   Be excellent to each other.

## Our Promise to you

The last thing you want to see when you put your own money into a project is that money wasted or have that project disappear overnight without a trace. We understand that, and we want to be as transparent about this as possible.

We keep 6 months of funding in our account to keep the lights on at Fosstodon. Any funds above and beyond that are collected and donated to a project chosen by our contributors.

If for some reason we decide to shutdown Fosstodon, we will stop taking contributions immediately and use the funds already in our account to fund the service for the full 6 months remaining. That should give everybody an opportunity to find a new home in the Fediverse.

We love our community here at Fosstodon, and we have no plans to hit the Off switch, but because we know nothing can last forever we want to assure you that we won't just disappear and leave you high and dry.

## Thank you

Finally, we wanted to end this page with a quick thank you. The support that the community gives us, both financially and otherwise, really helps Fosstodon to continue to go from strength to strength.

Commit message:

First commit for nutmeg.social content

support.md, after:

---
title: Support Nutmeg.social
description: Information on how you can help keep the lights on.
permalink: /support/
layout: default
---
# Support Us

Running a project like Nutmeg.social [can be expensive](/about/#current-funding) and take a lot of time. If you want to help support the project financially you can do so in a number of ways:

{% include donate-buttons.html %}

## Other ways to support us

We don't just need financial support. If you don't want to support us financially, that's absolutely fine - Nutmeg.social is a free service and always will be.

If you're a Nutmeg.social member and want to contribute to the project without your wallet, here are some ideas:

*   Report any posts that you feel violate our [CoC](/coc/).
*   Keep sharing interesting posts that spark discussion and debate.
*   Be excellent to each other.

## Our Promise to you

The last thing you want to see when you put your own money into a project is that money wasted or have that project disappear overnight without a trace. We understand that, and we want to be as transparent about this as possible.

We will keep 6 months of funding in our account to keep the lights on at Nutmeg.social. Any funds above and beyond that are collected and donated to a project chosen by our contributors.

If for some reason we decide to shutdown Nutmeg.social, we will stop taking contributions immediately and use the funds already in our account to fund the service for as long as they will allow (with a minimum of 3 months). That should give everybody an opportunity to find a new home in the Fediverse.

We love our community here at Nutmeg.social, and we have no plans to hit the Off switch, but because we know nothing can last forever we want to assure you that we won't just disappear and leave you high and dry.

## Thank you

Finally, we wanted to end this page with a quick thank you. The support that the community gives us, both financially and otherwise, really helps Nutmeg.social to continue to go from strength to strength.
